This noon.
Worldwide
Suddenly, many unknown monsters appeared
Relevant department report
Radar is 1 kilometer below the Arctic ice
We've got one.
Huge unknown marine creature
For your safety.
Residents, please close your doors and do not go out.
Business mutations are caused by mutated viruses
It seems that the virus may be about to break out early
So we need to make the bleeding serum ASAP.
But to completely extinguish a virus
We've got to get to the root of the problem.
But the biological chain test of the virus
The source has not been traced
It is caused by the release of nuclear wastewater from the island country
I'm going back to the academy right now
Find a way to solve the virus
Captain, can you escort me back?
Marco
Oh, dear.
army
Let's go, it's too late